We're like, if we can't beat them, we
might as well join them.
>> That was Brian. He made $200,000 in one
day by building an app that copies Nancy
Pelosy's stock trades. He took advantage
of a simple legal loophole.
>> We just [music] passed 18.5 million in
ARR.
>> But that's not even the most interesting
part. The difference between a $200,000
day and a $20,000 day for Brian wasn't
just viral marketing. It was how they
engineered their onboarding to make
customers feel like they were winning
before they even signed up.
>> If the screen is more than 100 mental
calories, it's [music] too much. In this
video, Brian walks us through his entire
onboarding flow, including how to
engineer magic moments, the
controversial hiring practice that he
swears by, and why he doesn't even care
about subscription retention anymore
because [music] he tracks something even
more important. But first, how did a
political meme turn into something that
generates over$18 million a year in
revenue?
>> Brian, first off, can you explain what
this is? The need money for insider
trading started on Twitter and we just
saw 3 years ago that there are these
politicians trading in the stock market
right after legis legislation was passed
and the stocks would jump 20 30 40%. And
my co-friend and I were like there's so
much corruption. How do we how do we end
it? And so we originally tried to talk
to politicians by banning them from
trading. And then we realized that that
just wasn't going to happen because it
was so slow. We're like if we can't beat
them, we might as well join them. Let's
build an application that connects your
Robin Hood, your brokerage, and it buys
the stocks of the different politicians.
>> And for anyone who doesn't know, can you
explain kind of the loophole that makes
this possible?
>> Yeah. So, in 2008, uh there's a stock
act passed, um which mandated that
politicians file every time they buy a
stock. I think what happened before
2008, a lot of politicians, I think
under the Obama administration were
like, [music] there's so many people
doing insider trading, um but we don't
know about it. one way to stop it and
actually get a pass is if we expose it,
maybe something will be able to happen.
And so after 2008, every stock trade
that a politician had to make became
public. Um, and so we analyze that data.
We're like, "Wow, they now it's public,
but they're still doing it or allegedly
they're still doing it." And that allows
us to get that information and follow
them automatically.
>> What has your revenue growth been like?
>> Uh, it's been crazy. Um, it's been
around 150% year-over-year. In 2023 and
2024, it's been more like 300 400%.
Right now, we uh just passed [music]
18.5 million in ARR and then we had our
best month in January um of like 2.8
million.
>> How much of that comes from the policy
>> tracker? It used to be like 90%. Um now
we've diversified into a lot of
different uh strategies and different
portfolios. I think it's probably around
30 to 40%. Uh today before autopilot, we
didn't really focus on onboarding. About
80 90% of my time was building the
application. When we pivoted to
autopilot, we switched that entirely. We
were like, we don't want people to get
into the app without experiencing what
we call the magic moment. Um, and so we
said we have to force the magic moment
on people and we'd rather people not use
the app than not experience the magic
moment.
>> Can you define the magic moment
>> for a consumer? There's two phrases I
like. If you have to catch two rabbits,
you catch none. Um, or if like if I have
like balls of paper and I like throw
them at you and you're going to try to
catch all of them, you'll probably catch
none. But if you try to catch one, you
probably will catch one. And so you
really the the success lies in really
being focused and determining what is
that one thing that you want people to
know or to do or to experience. And so
for us [music] it was a a trade in the
Robin Hood account.
>> Is there first thing a time horizon
where you're like okay I want to deliver
this value within [music]
30 seconds of logging into my app. Like
what is that?
>> Yeah that that's a good question. If the
person can't complete onboarding while
going to the bathroom it's too long. So,
a lot of times when we'll do onboarding,
this is a very weird thing, but I'll lit
literally go on Instagram, scroll, then
I'll go to the chest flight app, time
myself for about a minute and a half.
I'm not actually going to the bathroom,
but I'll time myself for a minute and a
half, and then I try to get like
distracted, but also complete
onboarding. When I think about like the
product onboarding, which I think is
where 80% of the focus should go if you
don't have product market fit [music]
yet, it should really be like how do you
onboard people and force them into the
magic moment. The the time it takes it
should be under 2 minutes to experience
the magic moment. And once they
experience the magic moment, that's when
you've truly flipped their mind set
outside of like this competing with
Instagram where they're like really
focused on your application. Um, and so
yeah, our goal is how do how can we get
them to the magic moment as quick as
possible but also uh do things that
frame their mind correctly to experience
the magic moment. [music] So the the
thing that I was talking about um that
we do on onboarding when we charge
people, we're charging people $100
[music] per year. And for a lot of
people who invest like if they're going
to invest 500 bucks, $100 is a lot of
money to spend if they're only going to
invest $500. And so we started seeing a
lot of people come in who didn't have
that much money and we started getting
like negative reviews on the app store.
People like, "Oh, it's way too
expensive." This, that, the other. On
onboarding, what we wanted to do was
filter people out. But we ran an AB
test. We wanted to see what effects
would actually happen. Um, and so we
actually put a screen that was a very, I
would say, kind of a manipulative
screen, which was, will you make more
than $100,000 this year? Yes or no? And
if you said no, we said we blocked you
from using the app, but we allow you to
go back and change your answer if you
want to and say yes. [music] Um, and so
what we actually found out is the people
who could not afford it originally with
with our AB test, a lot of them said no,
then they said yes, and then they went
through and paid at a 70% higher rate.
We didn't really expect it, but when we
reflect on it, it kind of makes sense
because now Autopilot seems like a club
for people who make a lot of money and
they're getting access to something
special. And when you feel like you're
getting access to something you
shouldn't have access to, you also don't
complain as much. You're like, "Yeah,
I'm not supposed to be here and but I
want to be here." Um, and so that's a
very interesting screen. We still have
it today. [music] Um, and a lot of
people might think if you block people
from using your app in uh in this way,
you're going to have less conversions
and increase our conversions and
increase the number of people getting
through.
>> Can we onboard me?
>> Let's do it. [laughter]
>> Ryan's about to teach us how he thinks
about customer onboarding by onboarding
me to his own app while we're kitted out
in [music] his merch. [laughter]
>> And what was the first like principle of
this? So when when we're like changing
up onboarding or thinking about
onboarding, we try to get in a very
distracted frame of mind just to make
sure that even if you're distracted, you
[music] can still get through it. Okay.
And so there's enough dopamine hits,
there's enough prov like provocative
marketing messages where you're just
like it stops you. [music] It makes you
think.
>> Cool. So we're going to do this in a
very haphazard way. [laughter] I'm
kidding. Explore popular portfolios.
Enter phone number. We're going to blur
that part out. [laughter]
Oh wow. Okay. Pick a portfolio. Okay.
Select Pelosi tracker. talk me through
some of these like decisions that you're
making. This feels pretty seamless so
far.
>> You'll see on this page right here, you
only see the option for public. [music]
So, one thing not a lot of people know
this, but with iOS apps, you're able to
see up to 50 apps, which apps they have
installed. So, it's kind of interesting.
So, we know that you have public
installed and not Robin Hood. If you had
Robin Hood installed, we would actually
just [music] show you Robin Hood right
here and not public. And the goal is to
not like imagine you just see like a
list of all these brokerages, [music]
then you have to read all of them. But
if we're like, "They don't even have any
of these approaches. Why are we showing
them that list?" We'll just show them
the ones that they have. But if you're
like, "Wait, I actually do have
something." You could just like show
more and it'll show you all of them.
>> Oh wow.
>> But that but that screen has a lot of
mental calories and it might overwhelm
you. So if you're in a distracted state,
you might be like, "Ah, whatever. I'm
going to go back." So that will just
allow you to select public.
>> Wow. And so the goal of that is to
reduce the cognitive load on the
>> Yeah.
>> customer. Is that how you think about
mental calories? Is like how [music]
>> Exactly. Yeah. because we have a lot of
screens that are cognitive load and we
like this might be a more high cognitive
load screen. Um, and so if we could
reduce cog cognitive load elsewhere, we
could increase it in some other places.
[music]
>> If you're going through and you're
auditing your onboarding, whether it's
for an app or for really like a SAS
product, anything are you asking
yourself at each turn, okay, how many
mental calories does this step have? And
is it is there a way to reduce it or is
it necessary because it's giving context
or how are you thinking through that? So
you're able to what we've seen is like
you're able to increase the mental
calories of a screen if the person gets
anxiety from that action, right? Because
now you're outside of the this you're
outside of the ADD Instagram uh like
vibe. So right now when you're like you
just you you basically you saw invest
like a politician, you you just saw like
this provocative Pelosi AI World War II
portfolio, you're now like not even
thinking about in Instagram is not in
the back of your mind anymore. That's
really hard to get to. Most apps when
you go to them and download them,
they're just so boring that you're still
thinking about Instagram and going back
to Instagram. And so already at this
point, we've I think successfully gotten
you outside of that frame of mind.
>> I got here pretty seamlessly to where
I'm like, I'm just excited about this
initial screen and then now I'm about to
have to make a big decision. Like, how
do you get me into this? Yes. I drained
my entire bank account [laughter] here.
This close to making a good episode.
Okay. Select an account. choose minimum
500. Okay. And is why is the minimum
500?
>> Uh two reasons. One, because we're going
to be charging people 100 bucks. And if
you put let's say 100 bucks in [music]
and then we charge you 100 bucks. It's
like you have to make double your money
in a year to just return [music] the
cost. And so we're like, what's a good
minimum that we could have where it's
not super egregious and [music] you can
only land that 500 bucks. Yeah. Once you
swipe up, it's going to make all of
these stock trades immediately. But to
pause there, you're actually buying
those stocks and so I'm already hooked
at this point.
>> So we've actually like they're buying
the stocks right now. So on your phone,
you're going to see all these push
notifications for stocks being bought.
And so we just showed you the magic
moment without you paying [music] yet.
And the the psychological factor is you
now have these stocks in your account.
When do you sell them is a question
you're going to ask,
>> right?
>> Well, now you don't have if you pay for
it, you don't have to think about when
to sell them.
>> What happens if I don't pay for it? Then
you have to think no we will not trade
for you again. So if you if you go to
free
>> so now I'm [music] just like
>> you just have all these stocks.
>> Wow.
>> So you could see why people are like
really want to pay because it will now
tell them uh when to sell and [music]
when to buy.
>> And if you were to reverse this like I
would have gotten to this screen I would
have been like okay and I don't really
want to pay $100 year and I wouldn't
have seen
>> Yeah. If we put it before Exactly.
People would have been like uh I don't
know if I want this. I don't know if
[music] does it work? Does it actually
trade? they haven't felt that the the
specialness yet. Um, and so a lot of
people So, we've done that AB test
[music] and it was about 70% worse.
>> If you were gonna walk any startup
founder through how to like audit your
onboarding and AB test at every turn
like you guys do, what would you say?
>> Identify what that magic moment is.
[music] Really try to figure out how do
you make that as special as possible.
Just like optimize that as much as
possible, maximize it. have like have
people go through it and if they don't
say, "Wow, this is incredible." Don't
try to prompt them. If they don't say,
"Wow, this is incredible," or have like
an emotional response, [music] it's not
strong enough. And you just got to keep
doubling down on it. Um, and that's
mainly for consumer products. B2B
products might be a little different.
The second thing I would do is [music]
learn is try to identify where's the
resistance point mentally to get to that
magic moment. I would say for us, it's
connecting a financial institution.
you're asking for a username and [music]
password. And then you have to look at
how do you reduce the anxiety of doing
that action. And that could be with
like, you know, brand names. It could be
with social proof where you could be
like, we have 3 million downloads. We
have, you know, $1.2 billion of assets
connected. [music] Then people feel
safer as opposed to like not seeing
those numbers. You're like, is this just
a random app somewhere? And then three,
just don't shoot yourself in the foot. I
think there's a lot of people who just
[music] have so much information that's
just unnecessary. And if you're ever
wondering about is it unnecessary, just
AB test it. The data will show you if
it's unnecessary and most most things
are unnecessary. [music]
The the other thing that I would say is
when giving options to people in an
onboarding flow, you want to limit it as
much as possible. Um, so you'll notice
we have hundreds of portfolios on
autopilot. [music] When you went through
onboarding, you only saw four. Um, and
there's like a see more and a lot of
people, you know, it's been a a big
thing for us is like, do we want to show
all of the portfolios or is that too
overwhelming? And so we've done an AB
test and once we show you all the
portfolios, you're 70% more likely to
not make a decision. Um, as opposed
[music] to if you see four, which is
kind of common sense, but that data
point I think a lot of startup founders
won't necessarily appreciate. There is a
saying like three not two in like
selling shoes. Let's say you go into a
shoe store, say, "Hey, could I see that
pair of shoes?" shoes, they'll bring you
that pair of shoes. They say, "Oh, could
I see that pair of shoes?" They'll bring
you that pair of shoes. So now you have
two. And then you ask for another pair
of shoes and they'll say, "Okay, which
one do you want us to put back?" And so
then you're like, "Oh, so now you have
to make the decision to put one back."
So you put it back. Now you always have
two. And so that shoe seller um when
you're when you're faced with two
options, you're going to buy them as
opposed to if you have like three, four,
five, six pairs of shoes in front of
you, you might be a little more
overwhelmed. Um and so for us, we just
looked, could we as much as possible
make every question binary, just a yes
or a no? Um, if we can't, could we make
the options as minimal as possible?
>> By the way, Brian's a member of Hampton,
the company behind this show. So, if
you're a founder doing over 3 million in
annual revenue, you should check us out
at the link in the description. Can you
talk through your hiring process?
>> So, very early on, it took a lot of time
and we were hiring in Orange County and
it was like me and my co-founders uh
finding people. [music]
Um, and we've had like different
versions of hiring with different
questions that we asked and eventually
we were we were hiring people and firing
people at rates that are very high. I
think we would uh for every four people
we would hire, we'd fire three people.
Um and that was really tough. It gets
expensive because we'd also pay them
severance. Um
>> within what time window would you fire
them?
>> Uh about 3 months. Um some people like 2
weeks. It's just very clear. It's like
this we should have done better in the
interview process, but at around 15
employees, we actually hired a full-time
recruiter, which a lot of our venture
capitalists and a lot of people like,
you guys are crazy. Why? Like I'm like,
we're just hiring so much and firing so
fast. we need to get this right. So, we
hired a full-time recruiter. Um, he
actually used to work at Tik Tok. Uh, he
was a recruiter for Tik Tok. And they
also had very, very high standards. I
think Tik Tok was actually 669. Um,
which is like they're working on
weekends, working 9-hour days. And I was
like, "All right, he probably knows how
to find people who are willing to give
it their all and are really talented."
And so, he's really helped us refine uh
the hiring process. And I think now with
him, we're at about a 50% success rate,
which is still pretty bad. So for every
two people we hire, we fire one. Um, but
since we've moved to New York, we
actually haven't hired anyone we've
hired in New York. And so I think it's a
testament to the just the talent that is
that is here.
>> Is [music] that explicit in the hiring
process for you guys is how kind of like
how much turnover there is.
>> Yeah. So we after we after we present an
offer right after I do what's called uh
a call to persuade them not to join. Um,
and so I say, "Hey, it's going to be
really tough. We [music] historically
fire a lot of people. Um, we think
you're incredible, but just recognize
this is like the culture that we have
and what you're coming into. [music] Um,
and it's going to be very difficult and
for some people that scarce people and
some people get really excited about
that. You could kind of tell the people
that get excited about that are the ones
who end up working. The people who are
more hesitant
generally don't end up working because
they are hesitant for a good reason
where they're like, "Oh, I don't know if
I want to put that much effort into it
or I don't know if I will fit in there."
And generally they don't. What do you
tell them about the culture?
>> Um, so I actually tell them two things.
One, I tell them that we're actually
specifically not 669. [music]
Um, intentionally I think working at
maximum 60 hours per week like like
working working is probably the most
optimal for people, but in where we
differ is in that 60 [music] hours,
you're expected to be very very
productive. Um, and your efficiency
[music] matters a lot. Um, and the way
you debug things, the way you come to
decisions fast matters a lot. And I
think what we also tell them is the
reason why you're able to be very
efficient [music] in those 60 hours is
because of all of the thinking you do
outside of work. When you're going to
bed, you're thinking about solving a
problem. When you're [music] in the
shower, when you're watching, if you're
on the marketing team and you see like a
commercial, you're you like take a
picture of it because you're like, "Oh,
that was good copy." You're just very
curious about the world. You if you're
listening to a podcast, you're like,
"Oh, how is this done?" And so I think
even though we we try to get people to
work 50 to 60 hours, which I think a lot
of people would say is not that much for
[music] a startup, we actually expect
that there's a lot of curiosity beyond
that. Um [music] and that's where I
think people struggle to fit into the
environment. And so we actually do in
the interview process, we really um try
to measure for curiosity just [music] in
life in general.
>> How
>> we'll ask them what's a belief that they
hold that's that other people around
them disagree with. Um, [music] and you
could tell like how they answer that
question. Usually the most curious
people are going to have like [music]
one, two, maybe three. And they might
they might hesitate cuz it could be like
a political thing that they don't want
to share. Um, but it could be like just
a worldview or it could be something on
like marketing or something on
engineering. Um, but usually the most
curious people will have like, man, I
have like this [music] this this and
they'll like keep talking about that
question. I'm like, okay, that person's
very curious. Um, and then also when you
ask questions,
>> [music]
>> um, generally they'll have multiple
answers that are well thought out.
Obsessive people obsess over whatever
they're working on. So just try to look
at historical examples of of obsession.
Um, that could be in sports generally.
We actually there's a lot of people have
played like college sports here at like
D1 universities. That's actually a great
sign that they're going to fit in for
two reasons. One, they could be pushed
really hard without taking it
personally. And [music] then two,
they've already proven that they could
obsess over something that they're
doing. Um, so that's another thing we
ask a lot about about sports. If they
play sports and it's not at a
competitive level, I used to think that
that was a signal, but it's actually
not. Um, so we really try to figure out
what have they just done at a very high
level more than most people. And if
they've like, you know, if they play
guitar very well and I'm like, "Oh,
cool. Like, do you have any YouTube
videos?" I'm like, "Oh, yeah, I do." Um,
they'll like send me I'm like, "Wow,
they're actually really good. That
that's an obsessed person." So, you're
looking a lot at things outside of work
as well.
>> Rarely do I ask people um what they've
done at the companies they've worked
for. And I think because most companies
are not great places to work. Um if
they've worked for a startup, that's
kind of interesting. I we kind of will
ask, but if they're working for like
Amazon or if they're working for
Walmart, uh Labs or if they're working
for something, it's like those companies
just have so much bureaucracy, it's hard
to actually obsess over anything that
you work for at those big companies. Did
you have a hesitancy at first around
like this super high turnover approach?
Like you guys fire a lot of people.
>> I think I've always dreamed that uh that
autopilot would be the place where we
had the best talent and I think every
company says that. Um but I do think it
matters where is your bar. Um, and I
think as we've grown, like our bar has
only increased. [music] And so, although
it makes me very sad to get rid of
people, it's actually very difficult
emotionally. I think there's some people
who could just get rid of people and not
feel anything. It actually like like I
know it does suck for the other person.
That's why we try to make it right with
um 3 months of severance. So, if we
hired someone for 2 weeks, we actually
give 3 months of severance, which is
very rare. We actually got this from the
Netflix co-founder. Um he said if you're
able to give a lot of severance [music]
it makes the reason you do it you do it
for them but you also do it for the
culture because it makes it easier to
get rid of people. If you have to get
rid of people with no severance [music]
that's very tough because you're like
man this person has a whole life but if
you actually give people you know 3 4
months [music] they could like use that
to find another opportunity and not
affect their life too much. And so
although it's difficult um and I we
don't like doing it, we do think it's
necessary to just maintain the high
standards that we have here.
>> We were leaving and then Brian dropped
wisdom. So now he's gonna reiterate what
he just said today.
>> So the one thing when we first started
autopilot is we only had the ability to
subscribe to one of our like one
portfolio or one autopilot subscription
which was 100 bucks a year and that was
actually going great. We had around 70%
retention uh for subscription retention
after 12 months. We were meeting with
our venture capitalist. His name is Jeff
for he founded StubHub. He kind of
looked at me very like sternly. He's
like, "So, you're telling me users can
only decay. You can only lose customers.
You can't make more from the customers
that you already have." And I was like,
"Yes." He's like, "At StubM um 80% of
our revenue came from 20% of the
customers, the super users. If users
can't pay up to 6 6x [music] their
initial subscription or more, you're not
maximizing your your super user base."
And so, after I heard that, I was like,
"Man, that's so right. we need to have
more subscriptions and the ability to
pay up to 600 bucks in our application
or more. [music] We implemented that and
now today our 12-month revenue retention
is 110%. Which is way better than it
would be if we didn't do that. It would
have been around 60 to 70%. Um, and
that's one way that we've able to scale
that, [music] increase the LTB of our
customer base. So, we have different um
different subscriptions. You could pay
$100 here, uh, $200 there, $300 [music]
there. So, I think right now you could
actually pay up to like $5,000 per year
if you buy all of the subscriptions, but
it's a marketplace, so you could just um
depending on what portfolios you could
buy baskets of portfolios to get. If
you're going to add up all the different
things you could [music] pay for um they
should equal at least 6x your initial
subscription. There's two ways you could
think about it. one, you could have like
a really high one where it's just like
this is going to cost you 600 bucks or
you could think about it in [music]
terms of units where each additional
unit is an additional 100 bucks and then
the super users are just going to buy
six of the units. Yeah, some products
might be different and you just got to
think creatively about how you want to
like get to that number.
>> And last thing I forgot to mention, we
are making this video for you. Let us
know what else you want to see here.
What are some problems that you're
having in your business that you think
that we should cover here? Um, and if
you are a founder, check us out at
joinhampton.com.